franuzzo always makes nice
fettuccine in the dough there is also a
percentage of hard Sema which I
really like So let's raise it here and it's
already boiling
but it needs to take a nice thermal shock,
it rises a
little more Since we make
this one in the cold  pasta Now I'll tell you
why you come
here, I'll leave a portion for myself
Here we give it a propitiatory smuc Natina
we have a nice
oversized fork here it is
very
well initially we cover it so it
starts boiling again immediately
we'll go here now not too closed if it doesn't
dry out  Indeed, it is added straight
then to make a good fettuccine
alfredo it is very important to have
excellent and good Borro but above all
in
generous doses and
we put a part of it here
like this and we put it
here a part of it
boils and then let's open it otherwise
everything blows here  we put part of it here we put it
low low low so that it
starts to
melt
then
we take a nice generous dose of
Parmigiano Reggiano This is a
very
serious 30 months while this bola eh we
steal a little bit of
cooking water we put it
here
m and
with
here we lift the whip a little because I
see it a little
limp
here we begin to make sure that parmesan
butter and cooking water take me a
hand
eh because you know the butter was in
the fridge and so we give it a little
hand we
give it a nice smuc  while it
melts a little, we have to
lower it if everything comes out.
Here we can do this too,
you see, with this one it's hot and
with the heat that's there,
the
butter melts better, here's just enough time for it to melt.
as they say, heated the glass well then
since they call me Muzio
Here it is very well
steaming while this melts
we add a little pepper because
I like it I don't remember now whether
Alfredo put it in or not But I remember
this experience of going to  lunch with
this friend of mine, a very
important figure in American cinema who
invited us to maalin which was this
Italian restaurant I must say was very
good and there were these memories these
strange things which in the end was the pasta with
butter and parmesan which was supposed to be
But in reality  this was special
I lowered it too much but
here we are almost there
eh Also because this one
is cooked for 4-5 minutes eh let me have a look
Well no we have to give it another minute
How cold it was that year in New
York was an incredible thing when
we had to cross the streets instead
of going down to the south we went out
on the other side because if
the wind caught us I had two turns of scarf
in front of my mouth and my mustache grew out
despite the scarf Men 35
perceived something I remember There was the
fountain in Central Park which made
the water come out and the ice fall a
scary thing walking around Central Park
was an experience because we were
looking for the statue of Balto who was that
famous wolf who had  saved a country
from had brought antibiotics and my
daughter wanted to see this state of
Balto it was so frozen that it was as
if it touched the skin to throw
water in In short ugly ugly ugly
this one arrived
soon We'll add a little more
parmesan
and bring it back here  and cream let's
add it a little at a time
without making
lumps like
cream We've made a nice
paoz
Perfect
Now we can lift it up
here let's
drain our nice
tagliatelle let's drain it a little and
voilà As you've seen I haven't drained it
too much but in short a little Yes
we have  taken it all Yes here it is
here
we turn it off and here
we jump it takes us a little while
because we already have it there eh just to
make it bind a
little
I turn
it off I decant
very very
well and I drop this
cremazie in and
voilà
Let it pull well You see it's beautiful
soft
moist this The memory is like saying I go
to New York and eat Italian In reality
we had visited a few places from
Rockefeller Center we had done something
very funny I must say the place where
we ate best perhaps it was a
Korean restaurant there  they had the gas in the
center of the table
they brought the things and you cooked them all there
in front but also very
very good fish things Well I have to tell the truth and it was
fun and unusual So we put the
cream on
top and we put another little bit of parmesan on
top  we'll add a
little grated
pepper which in my opinion is never needed
Well we'll do a test no shut up shut up good
good without F nothing to anyone
No well then in its simplicity
why do we have to do those things you
know the first time I use the
spoon to eat a ratella  or a
spaghetti But you see it looks
better
Well it's
very good there's something that
franks the tagliatelle makes them
good very good and I
delay
m long
live the cold long live the
cold tagliatelle Long live the butter